# Your First React Component
## Importing and Exporting React Components

There’s a little bit more work we have to do before we can use our defined component and have it rendered onto the DOM.

We previously mentioned that a React application typically has two core files: `App.js` and `index.js`. `App.js` file is the top level of your application, and `index.js` is the entry point.

So far, we’ve defined the component inside of `App.js`, but because `index.js` is the entry point, we have to export it to `index.js` to render.

Components in React are great because they are reusable. We can keep our component pieces separated, organized, and reusable by putting them into separate files and exporting them to where we need them.

To export them, we can prefix it with the export declaration and specify if it is a default or named export. In this case, we’ll stick with default. If you need a refresher on export, peruse the MDN web docs.

After the function component definition, in `App.js`, we can default export our component like so:

    export default MyComponent;

We can head into our `index.js` file to import our component from './App':

    import MyComponent from './App';

This will allow us to use MyComponent in `index.js`.


### Instructions
#### Task 1
In `App.js`, export your function component.

#### Task  2.

In `index.js`, import your function component at the top with the variable name MyComponent.

#### Task 3

Run the code. You’ll see that still, nothing will appear on the browser. That’s because importing and exporting are not enough yet! We need to learn how to use the components and render them. Let’s go!
