# Intro to JSX
## Rendering JSX Explained

Let’s examine the code that you just wrote in the last exercise.

    const container = document.getElementById('app');
    const root = createRoot(container);
    root.render(<h1>Hello world</h1>);

Before we get started it is essential to understand that React relies on two things to render: what content to render and where to place the content.

With that in mind, let’s look at the first line:

    const container = document.getElementById('app')

This line:

    Uses the document object which represents our web page.
    Uses the getElementById() method of document to get the Element object representing the HTML element with the passed in id (app).
    Stores the element in container.

In the next line:

    const root = createRoot(container)

we use createRoot() from the react-dom/client library, which creates a React root from container and stores it in root. root can be used to render a JSX expression. This is the “where to place the content” part of React rendering.

Finally, the last line:

    root.render(<h1>Hello world</h1>)

uses the render() method of root to render the content passed in as an argument. Here we pass an `<h1>` element, which displays Hello world. This is the `“what content to render”` part of React rendering.


### Instructions

#### Task 1

- Below the import statements, define a constant called container and set its values equal to the expression below:
    
    
        document.getElementById('container');

#### Task 2 
- Next, define a constant called `root` and set its value equal to the expression below:

        createRoot(container);

#### Task 3

- Finally, paste the following expression to render some content:

        root.render(<h1>Hello world</h1>);