# Components and Advanced JSX
## Event Listener and Event Handlers in a Component

Your function components can include event handlers. With event handlers, we can run some code in response to interactions with the interface, such as clicking.

    function MyComponent(){
    function handleHover() {
        alert('Stop it.  Stop hovering.');
    }
    return <div onHover={handleHover}></div>;
    }

In the above example, the event handler is handleHover(). It is passed as a prop to the JSX element `<div>`. We’ll discuss more on props in a later lesson, but for now, understand that props are information passed to a JSX tag.

The logic for what should happen when the `<div>` is hovered on is contained inside the handleHover() function. The function is then passed to the <`div>` element.

Event handler functions are defined inside the function component and, by convention, start with the word “handle” followed by the type of event it is handling.

There’s a small quirk you should watch out for. Take a look at this line again:

    return <div onHover={handleHover}></div>

The handleHover() function is passed without the parentheses we would typically see when calling a function. This is because passing it as handleHover indicates it should only be called once the event has happened. Passing it as `handleHover()` would trigger the function immediately, so be careful!


### Practice on

#### Button.js

    import React from 'react';

    function SubmitButton() {
    function handleClick() {
        alert('Submission Successful.');
    }
    return <button onClick={handleClick}>Submit</button>;
    }

    export default SubmitButton;

#### App.js

    import React from 'react';
    import ReactDOM from 'react-dom';

    import Button from './Button'

    function App() {
    return <Button />;
    }

    export default App;


### Instructions 

#### Task 1

- In `Button.js`, find the `<button></button>` tags inside of the return statement.

- Give this `<button>` element an onClick attribute. The attribute’s value should be the handleClick function.
