# Advanced JSX
## JSX Conditionals: &&

We’re going to cover one final way of writing conditionals in React: the && operator.

Like the ternary operator, && is not React-specific, but it shows up in React very often.

In the last two exercises, you wrote statements that would sometimes render a kitty and other times render a doggy. && would not have been the best choice for that code.

&& works best for conditionals that will sometimes do an action but other times do nothing at all.

Here’s an example:

    const tasty = (
    <ul>
        <li>Applesauce</li>
        { !baby && <li>Pizza</li> }
        { age > 15 && <li>Brussels Sprouts</li> }
        { age > 20 && <li>Oysters</li> }
        { age > 25 && <li>Grappa</li> }
    </ul>
    );

If the expression on the left of the && evaluates as true, then the JSX on the right of the && will be rendered. If the first expression is false, however, then the JSX to the right of the && will be ignored and not rendered.

### Practice code on

    // app.js
    import React from 'react';
    import { createRoot } from 'react-dom/client';

    const container = document.getElementById('app');
    const root = createRoot(container);
    // judgmental will be true half the time.
    const judgmental = Math.random() < 0.5;

    const favoriteFoods = (
    <div>
        <h1>My Favorite Foods</h1>
        <ul>
        <li>Sushi Burrito</li>
        <li>Rhubarb Pie</li>
        <li>Nacho Cheez Straight Out The Jar</li>
        <li>Broiled Grapefruit</li>
        </ul>
    </div>
    );

    root.render(favoriteFoods);

### Instructions

#### Task 1

You’ve been building a React website all about your favorite foods!

You’re excited to share your website with your friends, and yet at the same time, you fear the cruel, icy harshness of their judgment.

On line 15, use the && operator to make it so that this expression:

    <li>Nacho Cheez Straight Out The Jar</li>

will only appear if `!judgmental`. Feel free to use the example code as a guide.

When you click Run, every time you refresh the browser, there will be a 50% chance that `judgmental` will be `true`. Refresh until you see both versions of your list.
