# Advanced JSX
## .map in JSX

The `.map()` array method comes up often in React. It’s good to get in the habit of using it alongside JSX.

If you want to create a list of JSX elements, then using `.map()` is often the most efficient way. It can look odd at first:

    const strings = ['Home', 'Shop', 'About Me'];

    const listItems = strings.map(string => <li>{string}</li>);

    <ul>{listItems}</ul>

In the above example, we start out with an array of strings. We call .map() on this array of strings, and the .map() call returns a new array of `<li>`s.

On the last line of the example, note that `{listItems}` will evaluate to an array, because it’s the returned value of `.map()`! JSX `<li>`s don’t have to be in an array like this, but they can be.

    // This is fine in JSX, not in an explicit array:
    <ul>
    <li>item 1</li>
    <li>item 2</li>
    <li>item 3</li>
    </ul>

    // This is also fine!
    const liArray = [
    <li>item 1</li>, 
    <li>item 2</li>, 
    <li>item 3</li>
    ];

    <ul>{liArray}</ul>

### Practice code on

    // app.js
    import React from 'react';
    import { createRoot } from 'react-dom/client';

    const container = document.getElementById('app');
    const root = createRoot(container);
    const people = ['Rowe', 'Prevost', 'Gare'];

    const peopleList = people.map((person,i) =>
    // expression goes here:
    
    );

    // root.render goes here:

### Instructions

#### Task 1

ou can see that a `.map()` call is partially set up.

On line 10, write an expression to complete the `.map()` call. This expression should consist of a `<li>` element containing the person variable.

Feel free to use the first example as a guide.

#### Task 2

On line 14, call `root.render()`.

For `root.render()`‘s argument, write a `<ul>` element. In between the `<ul>` tags, use curly braces to inject the `peopleList` variable.
