# Advanced JSX
## 20 Digits of Pi in JSX

You can now inject regular JavaScript into JSX expressions! This will be extremely useful.

In the code editor, you can see a JSX expression that displays the first twenty digits of pi.

Study the expression and notice the following:

The code is written in a JavaScript file. By default, it will all be treated as regular JavaScript.
    Find `<div>` on line 5. From there, up through `</div>`, the code will be treated as JSX.
    Find Math. From there, up through (20), the code will be treated as regular JavaScript again.
    The curly braces themselves won’t be treated as JSX or as JavaScript. They are markers that signal the beginning and end of a JavaScript injection into JSX, similar to the quotation marks that signal the boundaries of a string.


### Practice code 1
    
    //pi.js
    import React from 'react';
    import ReactDOM from 'react-dom';

    const pi = (
    <div>
        <h1>
        PI, YALL!
        </h1>
        <p>
        {Math.PI.toFixed(20)}
        </p>
    </div>
    );

    ReactDOM.render(
        pi,
        document.getElementById('app')
    );
    
### Practice code 2
    //app.js
    import React from 'react';
    import { createRoot } from 'react-dom/client';

    const container = document.getElementById('app');
    const root = createRoot(container);
    // Write code here:

### Instructions

### Task 1

- Open `app.js`.

- Declare a new variable named math. Set math equal to a JSX `<h1>` element.

- Put the following expression inside of the `<h1>`:
    
        2 + 3 = 2 + 3


### Task 2

- At the bottom of the file, call `root.render()`.
- For `root.render()`‘s argument, pass in `math`.

### Task 3

- As you probably expected, the equation was displayed as a string.

- Insert a pair of curly braces inside the `<h1></h1>` tags, so that the browser displays 
   
        2 + 3 = 5



