# Your First React Component
## The Return Keyword in Functional Components

When we define a functional component, we essentially define a factory that can build the appropriate combination of elements every time we reference its name. It builds it by consulting a set of instructions that you must provide.

If you’re thinking, “That sounds just like what a regular Javascript function is for”, then you’re right! Functional components can be thought of in a very similar vein to regular Javascript functions, except that their job is to assemble a portion of the interface based on instructions given!

Let’s talk a bit more about these instructions.

For starters, these instructions should take the form of a function declaration body. That means that they will be delimited by curly braces, like this:

    function Button() {
    // Instructions go here, between the curly braces.
    }

Our instructions can include a combination of markup, CSS, and JavaScript to produce the desired result. The one thing we must always include is a return statement.

The function is expected to produce JSX code that can be used to render something onto the browser screen. Thus, when we define functional components, we must return a JSX element.

    function BackButton() {
    return <button>Back To Home</button>;
    }

Of course, this doesn’t quite make `<button>Back To Home</button>` render onto the browser screen yet. We’ve only defined our component.

Let’s keep going so we can see how to render it and why the return statement was necessary!

### Practice code on

    //App.js
    import React from 'react';

    function MyComponent() {
    return <h1>Hello world.</h1>;
    }



### Instructions

#### Task 1
- Time to complete the component we’ve been working on.

- In the body of your component definition, write return.

#### Task 2

- Now let’s fill out that line.

- Have the return statement return the JSX expression `<h1>Hello world</h1>`.
