# Components and Advanced JSX
## Review

Congratulations! You have finished the lesson on React components.

Here’s a short recap of the concepts introduced in this lesson:

- Function components can return multiple JSX lines by nesting the elements in a parent element.
- Variable attributes can be used inside of a React component with JavaScript injections.
- React components support logic by putting the logic statements above the return statements.
- Components can conditionally return JSX elements by putting conditional statements inside of the components.
- Components can respond to events by defining event handlers and passing them to the JSX elements.

Great job on tackling these complex topics! You have spent a lot of time studying React components in isolation! Now, it’s time to learn how components fit into the world around them.

### Practice code on

#### MyQuote.js

    import React from 'react';

    function MyQuote() {
        return (
            <blockquote>
                <p>
                    What is important now is to recover our senses.
                </p>
                <cite>
                <a target="_blank" href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Susan_Sontag">
                Susan Sontag
                </a>
                </cite>
                </blockquote>
        );
    };

    export default MyQuote;

#### App.js

    import React from 'react';
    import MyQuote from './MyQuote'

    function App() {
        return (
        <MyQuote />
        );
    };

    export default App;

### Instructions

If you would like to practice your learned skills, consider these challenges:

- Add logic to the `MyQuote` component to produce different quotes based on different conditions.
- Add elements onto the screen that can respond to events such as clicking or hovering. Make sure to define event handlers for them within the component.

